manufacture/desktop/dism-app-package--appx-or-appxbundle--servicing-command-line-options.md, before:

---
author: Justinha
Description: 'DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options'
ms.assetid: 3a2de7c0-d132-41ec-9603-a54e958fee2c
MSHAttr: 'PreferredLib:/library/windows/hardware'
title: 'DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options'
ms.author: themar
ms.date: 05/02/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: windows-hardware
ms.technology: windows-oem
---

# DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options


You can use app package-servicing commands to add, remove, and list provisioned app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) in a Windows image. An .appxbundle, new for Windows 10, is a collection of app and resource packages used together to enrich the app experience, while minimizing the disk footprint on a given PC. For detailed documentation about .appxbundle packages and the Microsoft Store pipeline, see [App packaging](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=698643). Only a subset of the packages within an .appxbundle might be added to the image when a bundle is provisioned using DISM. For more information, see [Understanding How DISM Adds .appxbundle Resource Packages to an Image](#bkmk_understanding).

Provisioned app packages are added to a Windows image and are then installed for every new or existing user profile the next time the user logs on. For more information, including requirements for app package provisioning, see [Sideload Apps with DISM](sideload-apps-with-dism-s14.md). 

You can also use PowerShell to add, remove, and list app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) per image or per user in a Windows installation. For more information, see [Deployment Imaging Servicing Management (DISM) Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=239926) and [App Installation Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=247300).

The base syntax for servicing a Windows image using DISM is:

**DISM.exe** {**/Image:**&lt;*path\_to\_image\_directory*&gt; | **/Online**} \[**dism\_global\_options**\] {**servicing\_option**} \[&lt;*servicing\_argument*&gt;\]

The following app package (.appx or .appxbundle) servicing options are available for an offline image.

**DISM.exe /Image:**&lt;*path\_to\_image\_directory*&gt; \[**/Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages** | **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile**\]

The following app package (.appx or .appxbundle) servicing options are available for a running operating system.

**DISM.exe /Online** \[**/Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages** | **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile**\]

## <span id="App_package_servicing_options"></span><span id="app_package_servicing_options"></span><span id="APP_PACKAGE_SERVICING_OPTIONS"></span>App package servicing options


This section describes how you can use each app servicing option. These options are not case sensitive.

### /Get-Help /?

When used immediately after an app package servicing command-line option, information about the option and the arguments is displayed. Additional topics might become available when an image is specified.

**Examples**:

```
Dism /image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /?
Dism /online /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages /?
```

### /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages

Displays information about app packages (.appx or .appxbundle), in an image, that are set to install for each new user.

**Example**:
```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages
```

### /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage

Adds one or more app packages to the image.

The app will be added to the Windows image and registered for each existing or new user profile the next time the user logs in. If the app is added to an online image, the app will not be registered for the current user until the next time the user logs in.

It is recommended to provision apps in an online operating system in audit mode so that appropriate hard links can be created for apps that contain the exact same files (to minimize disk space usage) while also ensuring no apps are running for a successful installation.

Syntax:

```
dism.exe /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage {/FolderPath:<App_folder_path> [/SkipLicense\] [/CustomDataPath:<custom_file_path>] | /PackagePath:<main_package_path> [/DependencyPackagePath:<dependency_package_path>] {[/LicenseFile:<license_file_path>]| [/SkipLicense\]} [/CustomDataPath:<custom_file_path>]}
```

Use **/FolderPath** to specify a folder of unpacked app files containing a main package, any dependency packages, and the license file. This is only supported for an unpacked app package.

Use **/PackagePath** to specify an app package (.appx or .appxbundle). You can use **/PackagePath** when provisioning a line-of-business app online. 

>**Important**
Use the **/PackagePath** parameter to provision .appxbundle packages. Also, dependency packages cannot be provisioned with **/PackagePath**, they must be provisioned with the **/DependencyPackagePath** parameter for an app.

**/PackagePath** is not supported from a host PC that is running Windows Preinstallation Environment (WinPE) 4.0, Windows Server 2008 R2, or an earlier version of Windows.

Use **/DependencyPackagePath** to specify each depencency package needed for the app to be provisioned. The necessary dependency packages of an app can be found by looking at the <PackageDependency> elements in the AppxManifest.xml in the root of the .appx package of the app. If multiple apps all share the same dependency, the latest minor version of each major version of the dependency package should be installed. For example, App1, App2, and App3 all have a dependency on Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework. App1 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25512.0, App2 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25513.0, and App3 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.3 with minor version 24202.0. Because both App1 and App2 both specify the same major version of the dependency package, only the latest minor version 25513.0 should be installed, while App3 specifies a different major version of the dependency package, so it must also be installed. So the dependency packages that should be installed are Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25513.0 and Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.3 with minor version 24202.0.

If the package has dependencies that are architecture-specific, you must install all of the applicable architectures for the dependency on the target image. For example, on an x64 target image, include a path to both the x86 and x64 dependency packages or include them both in the folder of unpacked app files. If the ARM dependency package is also specified or included, DISM will ignore it since it does not apply to the target x64 image.

| Computer Architecture	| Dependencies to install: |
| ----- | ----- |
| x64 | x64 and x86 |
| x86 | x86 |
| ARM | Windows RT (ARM) only |


Use **/CustomDataPath** to specify an optional custom data file for an app. You can specify any file name. The file will be renamed to Custom.dat when it is added to the image.

Use **/LicensePath** with the **/PackagePath** option to specify the location of the .xml file containing your application license.

Only use **/SkipLicense** with apps that do not require a license on a sideloading-enabled computer. Using **/SkipLicense** in other scenarios can compromise an image.

**Examples:**

```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /FolderPath:c:\Test\Apps\MyUnpackedApp /CustomDataPath:c:\Test\Apps\CustomData.xml
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appx /DependencyPackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\Framework-x86.appx /DependencyPackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\Framework-x64.appx /LicensePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyLicense.xml
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /FolderPath:C:\Test\Apps\MyUnpackedApp /SkipLicense
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appxbundle /SkipLicense
```

### /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage

Removes provisioning for app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) from the image. App packages will not be registered to new user accounts that are created.

Syntax:

```
/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackageName:<PackageName>
```

>**Important**  
This option will only remove the provisioning for a package if it is registered to any user profile. Use the [Remove-AppxPackage](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=215772) cmdlet in PowerShell to remove the app for each user that it is already registered to in order to fully remove the app from the image.

If the app has not been registered to any user profile, the /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage option will remove the package completely.

 
To remove app packages from a Windows Server 2012 image that has the Desktop Experience installed, you must remove the app packages before you remove the Desktop Experience. The Desktop Experience is a requirement of the **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** option for Server Core installations of Windows Server 2012.

**Examples**:

```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackageName:microsoft.devx.appx.app1_1.0.0.0_neutral_ac4zc6fex2zjp
```

### /Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile

Adds a custom data file into the specified app package (.appx or .appxbundle).

Syntax:

```
/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile [/CustomDataPath<custom_file_path>] /PackageName<PackageName>
```

The specified app (.appx or .appxbundle) package must already be added to the image prior to when you add the custom data file with this option. You can also add a custom data file when you use the **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** option.

Use **/CustomDataPath** to specify an optional custom data file for an app. You can specify any file name. The file will be renamed to Custom.dat when it is added to the image. If a Custom.dat file already exists, it will be overwritten.

Use **/PackageName** to specify an app package (.appx or .appxbundle).

**Example**:

```
DISM.exe /Image:C:\test\offline /Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile /CustomDataPath:c:\Test\Apps\Custom.dat /PackageName:microsoft.appx.app1_1.0.0.0_neutral_ac4zc6fex2zjp
```

## <span id="BKMK_understanding"></span><span id="bkmk_understanding"></span><span id="BKMK_UNDERSTANDING"></span>Understanding How DISM Adds .appxbundle Resource Packages to an Image


When an .appxbundle is added to the image, not all resource packages within the bundle are applicable. For example, if an app is being added to a Windows image with a Spanish (Spain) default language, French (France) resources should not be included. To determine what resources are added to the image, the package applicability is determined using:

-   **Language Resource Packs**: If an operating system language is not present, the corresponding app language resource pack is not added. For example, you might have an image that is a Windows 10 with English (US) as the default language, and a Spanish (Spain) language pack included. English (US) and Spanish (Spain) app resource packs will be added to the image. If a French (France) resource pack (or any other language) is available in the app bundle, it will not be added.

-   **Scale and DirectX (DXFL) Resource Packs**: Scale and DirectX (DXFL) resource packs depend upon the hardware configuration of the Windows device. Because the type of target hardware can’t be known at the time the DISM commands are run, all scale and DXFL resource packages are added to the image at provisioning time. For more information about developing an app with scaling resources, see [Guidelines for scaling to pixel density (Microsoft Store apps)](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=320890).

For an image containing multiple language packs, app resource packages will be added to the image for each language. Once the first user has signed in to the PC with the deployed image and the user has chosen a language during OOBE, the inapplicable resource packages, (language resource packs, scale resource packs and DXFL resource packages) that do not match the user profile settings are removed.

For example, an app might support English (US), French (France), and Spanish (Spain) languages. If the app is added to an image with English (US) and Spanish (Spain) language packs present, only English (US) and Spanish (Spain) resource packs will be added these to the image. Then, if a user signs in for the first time and, during OOBE, selects English (US) as their operating system language, the Spanish (Spain) resource packages will be removed after sign in completes.

**Important**  
If you add or remove a language pack from an image, you change the applicability context which may result in leaving an incorrect or incomplete set of resource packages in the image. When a language pack is added or removed, you must, once again, add all .appxbundle packages (including any dependency packages and Microsoft Store license file) to the image. This will ensure that the correct set of resource packages is provisioned.

## <span id="Limitations"></span><span id="limitations"></span><span id="LIMITATIONS"></span>Limitations


-   You cannot install an app package (.appx) on an operating system that does not support Windows 8 apps. You can’t install an app bundle package (.appxbundle) on an operating system that does not support at least Windows 8.1 apps. Apps aren't supported on WinPE 4.0, the Windows Server 2012 Server Core installation option, or on any versions of Windows older than Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.

    To install and run apps on Windows Server 2012, you must install the [Desktop Experience](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=247330).

-   The **/FolderPath** option is only supported for app packages based on the .appx format.

-   **/PackagePath** must always be used for .appxbundle packages.

## <span id="related_topics"></span>Related topics


[What is DISM?](what-is-dism.md)

[DISM Image Management Command-Line Options](dism-image-management-command-line-options-s14.md)

[Deployment Image Servicing and Management (DISM) Command-Line Options](deployment-image-servicing-and-management--dism--command-line-options.md)

[Sideload Apps with DISM](sideload-apps-with-dism-s14.md)

Commit message:

Adding info on regions parameter that was added in RS4
Is there a way to specify what parameters are new in a release?

manufacture/desktop/dism-app-package--appx-or-appxbundle--servicing-command-line-options.md, after:

---
author: Justinha
Description: 'DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options'
ms.assetid: 3a2de7c0-d132-41ec-9603-a54e958fee2c
MSHAttr: 'PreferredLib:/library/windows/hardware'
title: 'DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options'
ms.author: themar
ms.date: 05/02/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: windows-hardware
ms.technology: windows-oem
---

# DISM App Package (.appx or .appxbundle) Servicing Command-Line Options


You can use app package-servicing commands to add, remove, and list provisioned app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) in a Windows image. An .appxbundle, new for Windows 10, is a collection of app and resource packages used together to enrich the app experience, while minimizing the disk footprint on a given PC. For detailed documentation about .appxbundle packages and the Microsoft Store pipeline, see [App packaging](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=698643). Only a subset of the packages within an .appxbundle might be added to the image when a bundle is provisioned using DISM. For more information, see [Understanding How DISM Adds .appxbundle Resource Packages to an Image](#bkmk_understanding).

Provisioned app packages are added to a Windows image and are then installed for every new or existing user profile the next time the user logs on. For more information, including requirements for app package provisioning, see [Sideload Apps with DISM](sideload-apps-with-dism-s14.md). 

You can also use PowerShell to add, remove, and list app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) per image or per user in a Windows installation. For more information, see [Deployment Imaging Servicing Management (DISM) Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=239926) and [App Installation Cmdlets in Windows PowerShell](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=247300).

The base syntax for servicing a Windows image using DISM is:

**DISM.exe** {**/Image:**&lt;*path\_to\_image\_directory*&gt; | **/Online**} \[**dism\_global\_options**\] {**servicing\_option**} \[&lt;*servicing\_argument*&gt;\]

The following app package (.appx or .appxbundle) servicing options are available for an offline image.

**DISM.exe /Image:**&lt;*path\_to\_image\_directory*&gt; \[**/Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages** | **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile**\]

The following app package (.appx or .appxbundle) servicing options are available for a running operating system.

**DISM.exe /Online** \[**/Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages** | **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** | **/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile**\]

## <span id="App_package_servicing_options"></span><span id="app_package_servicing_options"></span><span id="APP_PACKAGE_SERVICING_OPTIONS"></span>App package servicing options


This section describes how you can use each app servicing option. These options are not case sensitive.

### /Get-Help /?

When used immediately after an app package servicing command-line option, information about the option and the arguments is displayed. Additional topics might become available when an image is specified.

**Examples**:

```
Dism /image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /?
Dism /online /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages /?
```

### /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages

Displays information about app packages (.appx or .appxbundle), in an image, that are set to install for each new user.

**Example**:
```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Get-ProvisionedAppxPackages
```

### /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage

Adds one or more app packages to the image.

The app will be added to the Windows image and registered for each existing or new user profile the next time the user logs in. If the app is added to an online image, the app will not be registered for the current user until the next time the user logs in.

It is recommended to provision apps in an online operating system in audit mode so that appropriate hard links can be created for apps that contain the exact same files (to minimize disk space usage) while also ensuring no apps are running for a successful installation.

Syntax:

```
dism.exe /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage {/FolderPath:<App_folder_path> [/SkipLicense\] [/CustomDataPath:<custom_file_path>] | /PackagePath:<main_package_path> [/DependencyPackagePath:<dependency_package_path>] {[/LicenseFile:<license_file_path>]| [/SkipLicense\]} [/CustomDataPath:<custom_file_path>]}
```

Use **/FolderPath** to specify a folder of unpacked app files containing a main package, any dependency packages, and the license file. This is only supported for an unpacked app package.

Use **/PackagePath** to specify an app package (.appx or .appxbundle). You can use **/PackagePath** when provisioning a line-of-business app online. 

>**Important**
Use the **/PackagePath** parameter to provision .appxbundle packages. Also, dependency packages cannot be provisioned with **/PackagePath**, they must be provisioned with the **/DependencyPackagePath** parameter for an app.

**/PackagePath** is not supported from a host PC that is running Windows Preinstallation Environment (WinPE) 4.0, Windows Server 2008 R2, or an earlier version of Windows.

Use **/DependencyPackagePath** to specify each depencency package needed for the app to be provisioned. The necessary dependency packages of an app can be found by looking at the <PackageDependency> elements in the AppxManifest.xml in the root of the .appx package of the app. If multiple apps all share the same dependency, the latest minor version of each major version of the dependency package should be installed. For example, App1, App2, and App3 all have a dependency on Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework. App1 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25512.0, App2 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25513.0, and App3 specifies Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.3 with minor version 24202.0. Because both App1 and App2 both specify the same major version of the dependency package, only the latest minor version 25513.0 should be installed, while App3 specifies a different major version of the dependency package, so it must also be installed. So the dependency packages that should be installed are Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.6 with minor version 25513.0 and Microsoft.NET.Native.Framework.1.3 with minor version 24202.0.

If the package has dependencies that are architecture-specific, you must install all of the applicable architectures for the dependency on the target image. For example, on an x64 target image, include a path to both the x86 and x64 dependency packages or include them both in the folder of unpacked app files. If the ARM dependency package is also specified or included, DISM will ignore it since it does not apply to the target x64 image.

| Computer Architecture	| Dependencies to install: |
| ----- | ----- |
| x64 | x64 and x86 |
| x86 | x86 |
| ARM | Windows RT (ARM) only |


Use **/CustomDataPath** to specify an optional custom data file for an app. You can specify any file name. The file will be renamed to Custom.dat when it is added to the image.

Use **/LicensePath** with the **/PackagePath** option to specify the location of the .xml file containing your application license.

Only use **/SkipLicense** with apps that do not require a license on a sideloading-enabled computer. Using **/SkipLicense** in other scenarios can compromise an image.

Use **/Region** to specify what regions an app package (.appx or .appxbundle) must be provisioned in. The region argument can either be “all”, indicating that the app should be provisioned for all regions, or it can be a semi-colon delimited list of regions. The regions will be in the form of ISO 3166-1 Alpha-2 or ISO 3166-1 Alpha-3 codes. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1). For example, the United States can be specified as either “US” or “USA” (case-insensitive). When a list of regions is NOT specified package will be provisioned only if it is pinned to start layout.

**Examples:**

```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /FolderPath:c:\Test\Apps\MyUnpackedApp /CustomDataPath:c:\Test\Apps\CustomData.xml
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appx /DependencyPackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\Framework-x86.appx /DependencyPackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\Framework-x64.appx /LicensePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyLicense.xml
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /FolderPath:C:\Test\Apps\MyUnpackedApp /SkipLicense
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appxbundle /SkipLicense
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appxbundle /Region="all"
Dism /Online /Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackagePath:C:\Test\Apps\MyPackedApp\MainPackage.appxbundle /Region="US;GB" 

```

### /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage

Removes provisioning for app packages (.appx or .appxbundle) from the image. App packages will not be registered to new user accounts that are created.

Syntax:

```
/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackageName:<PackageName>
```

>**Important**  
This option will only remove the provisioning for a package if it is registered to any user profile. Use the [Remove-AppxPackage](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=215772) cmdlet in PowerShell to remove the app for each user that it is already registered to in order to fully remove the app from the image.

If the app has not been registered to any user profile, the /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage option will remove the package completely.

 
To remove app packages from a Windows Server 2012 image that has the Desktop Experience installed, you must remove the app packages before you remove the Desktop Experience. The Desktop Experience is a requirement of the **/Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage** option for Server Core installations of Windows Server 2012.

**Examples**:

```
Dism /Image:C:\test\offline /Remove-ProvisionedAppxPackage /PackageName:microsoft.devx.appx.app1_1.0.0.0_neutral_ac4zc6fex2zjp
```

### /Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile

Adds a custom data file into the specified app package (.appx or .appxbundle).

Syntax:

```
/Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile [/CustomDataPath<custom_file_path>] /PackageName<PackageName>
```

The specified app (.appx or .appxbundle) package must already be added to the image prior to when you add the custom data file with this option. You can also add a custom data file when you use the **/Add-ProvisionedAppxPackage** option.

Use **/CustomDataPath** to specify an optional custom data file for an app. You can specify any file name. The file will be renamed to Custom.dat when it is added to the image. If a Custom.dat file already exists, it will be overwritten.

Use **/PackageName** to specify an app package (.appx or .appxbundle).

**Example**:

```
DISM.exe /Image:C:\test\offline /Set-ProvisionedAppxDataFile /CustomDataPath:c:\Test\Apps\Custom.dat /PackageName:microsoft.appx.app1_1.0.0.0_neutral_ac4zc6fex2zjp
```

## <span id="BKMK_understanding"></span><span id="bkmk_understanding"></span><span id="BKMK_UNDERSTANDING"></span>Understanding How DISM Adds .appxbundle Resource Packages to an Image


When an .appxbundle is added to the image, not all resource packages within the bundle are applicable. For example, if an app is being added to a Windows image with a Spanish (Spain) default language, French (France) resources should not be included. To determine what resources are added to the image, the package applicability is determined using:

-   **Language Resource Packs**: If an operating system language is not present, the corresponding app language resource pack is not added. For example, you might have an image that is a Windows 10 with English (US) as the default language, and a Spanish (Spain) language pack included. English (US) and Spanish (Spain) app resource packs will be added to the image. If a French (France) resource pack (or any other language) is available in the app bundle, it will not be added.

-   **Scale and DirectX (DXFL) Resource Packs**: Scale and DirectX (DXFL) resource packs depend upon the hardware configuration of the Windows device. Because the type of target hardware can’t be known at the time the DISM commands are run, all scale and DXFL resource packages are added to the image at provisioning time. For more information about developing an app with scaling resources, see [Guidelines for scaling to pixel density (Microsoft Store apps)](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=320890).

For an image containing multiple language packs, app resource packages will be added to the image for each language. Once the first user has signed in to the PC with the deployed image and the user has chosen a language during OOBE, the inapplicable resource packages, (language resource packs, scale resource packs and DXFL resource packages) that do not match the user profile settings are removed.

For example, an app might support English (US), French (France), and Spanish (Spain) languages. If the app is added to an image with English (US) and Spanish (Spain) language packs present, only English (US) and Spanish (Spain) resource packs will be added these to the image. Then, if a user signs in for the first time and, during OOBE, selects English (US) as their operating system language, the Spanish (Spain) resource packages will be removed after sign in completes.

**Important**  
If you add or remove a language pack from an image, you change the applicability context which may result in leaving an incorrect or incomplete set of resource packages in the image. When a language pack is added or removed, you must, once again, add all .appxbundle packages (including any dependency packages and Microsoft Store license file) to the image. This will ensure that the correct set of resource packages is provisioned.

## <span id="Limitations"></span><span id="limitations"></span><span id="LIMITATIONS"></span>Limitations


-   You cannot install an app package (.appx) on an operating system that does not support Windows 8 apps. You can’t install an app bundle package (.appxbundle) on an operating system that does not support at least Windows 8.1 apps. Apps aren't supported on WinPE 4.0, the Windows Server 2012 Server Core installation option, or on any versions of Windows older than Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.

    To install and run apps on Windows Server 2012, you must install the [Desktop Experience](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=247330).

-   The **/FolderPath** option is only supported for app packages based on the .appx format.

-   **/PackagePath** must always be used for .appxbundle packages.

## <span id="related_topics"></span>Related topics


[What is DISM?](what-is-dism.md)

[DISM Image Management Command-Line Options](dism-image-management-command-line-options-s14.md)

[Deployment Image Servicing and Management (DISM) Command-Line Options](deployment-image-servicing-and-management--dism--command-line-options.md)

[Sideload Apps with DISM](sideload-apps-with-dism-s14.md)
